Update cluster reboot nodes doc (#7047)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/clustermgmt/cluster-rebootnode.md

If it does go down while running the `boots` service, the Bottlerocket node will not be able to boot again until the `boots` service is restored on another machine. This is because Bottlerocket must get its address from a DHCP service.
{{% /alert %}}

1. [Backup cluster]({{< relref "/docs/clustermgmt/cluster-backup-restore/backup-cluster" >}}) 

  This ensures that there is an up-to-date cluster state available for restoration in the case that the cluster experiences issues or becomes unrecoverable during reboot.

> 2. Verify DHCP lease time will be longer than the maintenance time, and that IPs will be the same before and after maintenance. 

Reviewer: i dont think u need to change the numbers to 1.2.3.4.5, just keep 1.1.1.1 and markdown should render it properly

>   This step is critical in ensuring the cluster will be viable after cluster reboot. **If this cannot be verified, do not proceed any further**

Reviewer: what does "cluster will be viable" mean exactly?
also it might be helpful explaining a bit why it is important to preserve the IPs of the VMs

>   This step is critical in ensuring the cluster will be viable after cluster reboot. **If this cannot be verified, do not proceed any further**

Reviewer 2: Can we make this a warning for additional emphasis?
`{{% alert title="Warning" color="warning" %}}`
`{{% /alert %}}`

> 3. Pause reconciliation of the cluster being shut down. This ensures that the cluster will not try to remediate the nodes when shutting down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Pause the reconciliation of the cluster being shut down.
  
  This ensures that the EKS Anywhere cluster controller will not reconcile on the nodes that are down and try to remediate them.
```

>   - add the paused annotation to the EKSA clusters being shut down: 

Reviewer 2: nit: could we add that this is for the Cluster API cluster here as well?

  ```bash

>   kubectl --kubeconfig=MANAGEMENT_KUBECONFIG annotate clusters.anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com CLUSTER_NAME anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com/paused=true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  kubectl annotate clusters.anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com $CLUSTER_NAME anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com/paused=true --kubeconfig=$MANAGEMENT_CLUSTER_KUBECONFIG
```

>   kubectl --kubeconfig=MANAGEMENT_KUBECONFIG -n eksa-system annotate clusters.cluster.x-k8s.io CLUSTER_NAME cluster.x-k8s.io/paused=true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  kubectl -n eksa-system annotate clusters.cluster.x-k8s.io $CLUSTER_NAME cluster.x-k8s.io/paused=true --kubeconfig=$MANAGEMENT_CLUSTER_KUBECONFIG 
```

Reviewer: is this step required? shouldn't adding paused annotation to eks-a cluster also adds `paused` to capi cluster? im not sure about the current eksa cluster controller behavior here

Reviewer 2: Adding our paused annotation doesn't automatically add pause to the capi cluster, so we added this step to be safe and avoid any reconciliation on the capi cluster as well.

  ```

4. Perform the following steps order of Worker, Control plane, etcd.

  1. Cordon the node so no further workloads are scheduled to run on it:

    ```bash
    kubectl cordon <node-name>
    ```

  2. Drain the node of all current workloads:

   ```bash
   kubectl drain <node-name>
   ```

>   3. Shut down. Using the appropriate method for your provider, shut down the node.

Reviewer: what does this sentense mean? is it something like
"Shut down the corresponding infrastructure machine of the node using the appropriate method for your provider"
like what does this step mean for vsphere provider?

5. Perform system maintenance or other task you need to do on the node and boot up the node in order of etcd, Control plane, Worker.

6. Uncordon the nodes so that it can begin receiving workloads again.

   ```bash
   kubectl uncordon <node-name>
   ```

> 7. Remove paused annotations from both EKSA cluster and Cluster API clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Remove the paused annotations from both EKS Anywhere cluster and Cluster API cluster.
```

> ```bash

Reviewer: indentation?

> kubectl --kubeconfig=MANAGEMENT_KUBECONFIG annotate clusters.anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com CLUSTER_NAME anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com/paused-

Reviewer: similar to above, use $ and change kubeconfig name, maybe move `--kubeconfig` to the end to stay consistent to other cmds we have in the doc
